# AI-Image-Multi-Scanner
AI images are rampant on the internet, and they're getting harder and harder to detect, even when you know what to look for. Ironically, there are also tools online that use AI in order to detect whether or not AI was used to create the image. The cycle never ends, but it's becoming more and more important to stay vigilant. However, I have noticed that a lot of these AI image scanners, even the ones in my extension, have a tendency to provide wildly inaccurate results. Pictures I took many years ago get labeled AI, pictures that were very blatantly made with AI get labeled real. I figured, if you're really suspicious of a picture, it's best to get as many opinions as possible, measure the average opinion across the tools, and judge based off that. But submitting an image to each scanner one-by-one is time-consuming, and nobody wants to do that. So I created a browser extension that allows you to upload one picture and send it to every AI scanner simultaneously.

Originally, I envisioned this tool to look like Search By Image, which allows you to right-click an image and send it to reverse image search engines to find the source of an image, as well as higher quality versions, and similar images. I wanted to redirect that same function of right-clicking images to send to AI detector tools online. Unfortunately, not many of those tools accept URLs for scanning, which is what the right-clicking process relies on. At one point I tried developing a separate extension for uploading images through the extension's popup and sending to a long list of AI detector tools that take image uploads, and then I realized I could just combine them. And now I have AIIMS, or AI Image Multi-Scanner.

When you've installed the extension, find an image online and right-click it. Look through the menu, and you should see an option that says "Is This AI? (AIIMS)". When you click that, a series of websites open on your browser, all sending the image URL to their scanners and starting the scan process automatically.

Open the extension's popup, you'll see an input field that also allows you to manually submit an image URL. There's also "Throttle" which determines the amount of time in between each website opening. And of course, "Launch" to start the process. You will also see an "upload image from computer" button, to upload pictures from your hard drive to send to a series of even more AI scanners. A lot more of these tools use image upload as opposed to URLs, and you can see this indicated on the list below, as I've separated checkboxes in regards to image URLs and image uploads.

I tried my best to determine which scanners deserve top priority, but the truth is, they're all flawed in their own ways. That's why the checkboxes are provided to allow you to choose which websites you want to include and exclude, and rearrange the list. Bitmind has a way of not engaging at all if the website loaded up too slowly, but I did my best to create a long enough delay to include it in mass launches. WasItAi is fast and straight-forward, but when it comes to sending image URLs, something is preventing the button to start scan from being engaged, and I can't figure it out. I'm working on it, I don't want to remove it because it's one of the simpler scanners, you can just engage the scan with just one click, but it's up to you if you want to include it.

The label "NMS" means that the website will not function correctly during a mass launch of multiple websites. There were a lot more than there were previously, but I realized it was a code problem and not a website problem. There are three websites left that prove to be an issue, but considering how many had the label previously that are now solved, I will keep working to figure the rest out.

Websites labeled "limited" only give you a certain amount of searches per day, though some either reset a lot faster or are resetting because I have my cookies cleared automatically. Scanning on another browser or after activating VPN could also reset some websites, but I haven't thoroughly tested that.

And unfortunately there are two that aren't working with this extension, or just not working in general, but might work in the future and I don't want to forget about them. If you ever decide to run them for the heck of it, or check out the website to use manually, and you notice they are working, please tell me so in my feedback form, https://forms.gle/XdqeCRZMmc3BqsnX9

Website order can be rearranged by dragging and dropping the ≡ icon, and your arrangement will determine the order in which websites load in your browser tabs. The websites labeled "1st" (highlighted green and blue) technically load last, as that's be the website that will be visible first on your screen. Sorry if the reverse order is confusing, it's what currently works best.

And one small thing, some websites will scroll to an area of the page that either hides the scan results, or just some other area of the page completely, and I don't know why. I tried to code for specific websites so that part of the process involves scrolling to a specific area of the page, but it failed in every instance. I will try again in the future.

I think that about covers it, let me know with the feedback form above if I missed anything or if you have questions/comments/feedback, suggestions on ways to make AIIMS work better. I can’t promise to attend to every request, but consider me open to all feedback regardless. If you want to leave a tip as a thank you, my Ko-fi is https://ko-fi.com/amplyfyre , you certainly do not have to but it would be heavily appreciated.

Stay vigilant! Scams and lies plague the internet, don't let yourself fall victim to one!
